Upgrade README (#694)
vtex/faststore: README.md

| @vtex/gatsby-theme-store     | Creates the base infrastructure for the Store site                                  |     [![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40vtex%2Fgatsby-theme-store.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40vtex%2Fgatsby-theme-store)     |
| @vtex/lighthouse-config      | Exports a Lighthouse CI configuration to allow automatic tests on each Pull Request |      [![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40vtex%2Flighthouse-config.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40vtex%2Flighthouse-config)      |
| @vtex/store-ui               | Exports basic Store components                                                      |               [![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40vtex%2Fstore-ui.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40vtex%2Fstore-ui)               |

> | @vtex/store-sdk               | Exports basic logic hooks for creating your custom commerce e                      |               [![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40vtex%2Fstore-sdk.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40vtex%2Fstore-sdk)               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| @vtex/store-sdk               | Exports basic logic hooks for creating your custom ecommerce                      |               [![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40vtex%2Fstore-sdk.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40vtex%2Fstore-sdk)               |
```

Reviewer: Actually, I don't know if the suggestion makes sense 😂  But this seems like a typo
